So when you come into the military from day one you are provided with
many opportunities to grow and expand yourself. So, even in boot camp,
some of the tasks that they provide for you, that they ask you to
do are kind of complex. So some people, let's say they were really
good in high school. It can be very easy for them, they understand the
math that's involved, they understand how how the physics works,
how to tie the knot. But for some people it could be the first time
that they've ever seen it in their lives. Maybe they've never even been
on a ship before you know so be a lot harder for them. So, the cool
thing about the navy is that it gives you all the resources that
you need, hands down. So if you don't need it then you probably won't
use it but if you do need it then it's all a matter of asking a chief
"Hey where can I get help" or a matter of going to your local library
and getting that book. The biggest thing is that there's gonna
be someone to your left and someone to your right that can work with
you hand in hand to make sure that you complete your job. But what
the Navy doesn't want is someone who can't do their job who is trying
to do their job because that's gonna get someone killed. So they
make sure that whether it's tying a knot or painting a ship or it's
going down and fixing the pump they're gonna make sure that you can
complete your job and if there's any question to it then they're not
gonna allow you to do it so.